# This file collects the CMPccXADD cases
cmpccxadd -t 1    # cmpbexadd_above
cmpccxadd -t 2    # cmpbexadd_below
cmpccxadd -t 3    # cmpbexadd_equal
cmpccxadd -t 4    # cmpbxadd_above
cmpccxadd -t 5    # cmpbxadd_below
cmpccxadd -t 6    # cmpbxadd_equal
cmpccxadd -t 7    # cmplexadd_equal
cmpccxadd -t 8    # cmplexadd_less
cmpccxadd -t 9    # cmplexadd_more
cmpccxadd -t 10   # cmplxadd_equal
cmpccxadd -t 11   # cmplxadd_less
cmpccxadd -t 12   # cmplxadd_more
cmpccxadd -t 13   # cmpnbexadd_above
cmpccxadd -t 14   # cmpnbexadd_below
cmpccxadd -t 15   # cmpnbexadd_equal
cmpccxadd -t 16   # cmpnbxadd_above
cmpccxadd -t 17   # cmpnbxadd_below
cmpccxadd -t 18   # cmpnbxadd_equal
cmpccxadd -t 19   # cmpnlexadd_equal
cmpccxadd -t 20   # cmpnlexadd_less
cmpccxadd -t 21   # cmpnlexadd_more
cmpccxadd -t 22   # cmpnlxadd_equal
cmpccxadd -t 23   # cmpnlxadd_less
cmpccxadd -t 24   # cmpnlxadd_more
cmpccxadd -t 25   # cmpnoxadd_not_overflow
cmpccxadd -t 26   # cmpnoxadd_overflow
cmpccxadd -t 27   # cmpnpxadd_even
cmpccxadd -t 28   # cmpnpxadd_odd
cmpccxadd -t 29   # cmpnsxadd_negative
cmpccxadd -t 30   # cmpnsxadd_positive
cmpccxadd -t 31   # cmpnzxadd_not_zero
cmpccxadd -t 32   # cmpnzxadd_zero
cmpccxadd -t 33   # cmpoxadd_not_overflow
cmpccxadd -t 34   # cmpoxadd_overflow
cmpccxadd -t 35   # cmppxadd_even
cmpccxadd -t 36   # cmppxadd_odd
cmpccxadd -t 37   # cmpsxadd_negative
cmpccxadd -t 38   # cmpsxadd_positive
cmpccxadd -t 39   # cmpzxadd_not_zero
cmpccxadd -t 40   # cmpzxadd_zero
